Added quotation marks to automod phrases (#3654)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## Unversioned
> - Minor: Added quotation marks in the permitted/blocked Automod messages for clarity. (#3654)
> 
> - Bugfix: Fixed live notifications for usernames containing uppercase characters. (#3646)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unversioned

- Minor: Added quotation marks in the permitted/blocked Automod messages for clarity. (#3654)
- Bugfix: Fixed live notifications for usernames containing uppercase characters. (#3646)
```

Reviewer: I didn't notice it was the linter that was upset, not the format check

# Changelog

## Unversioned

> - Minor: Added quotation marks around the automod phrases for clairty 
> ## 2.3.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added quotation marks in the permitted/blocked Automod messages for clarity. (#3654)

## 2.3.5
```
Also no worries on the ✅ - it's basically cosmetic and maintainers can press it if they care enough.

Author: Thanks for clearing that up!
